**ArchChangeTracker**<br/>
Program right now:<br/>
The program has been compiled with Java 11 and maven 3.6.<br/>
In order to build the modules move into the ParentProject directory and do: mvn clean install<br/>
After which one of the following commands can be run:<br/>
<br/>
To run just the ArchChangeTracker submodule: <br/>
**-if**: stands for input file<br/>
**followed by** an input file location.<br/>
**-of**: stands for output file<br/>
**followed by** an output file location.<br/>
**-name** stands for the (sub)strings that it will filter the packages on. If the filter is too harsh, it can be (especially in early commits of a branch) that the string does not exist yet, in which case nothing will be analysed in those graphml files and the program will crash. In this case try finding the strings that are missing in those commits and add those, so something will be analysed. This often happens when a project changes names, e.g. nta to tajo, or jempbox to pdfbox.<br/>
**followed by** either a single string denoting the string it will filter on. OR an array of strings. E.g. "[package_path_1,package_path_2,package_path)3]". Note there are no spaces between the commas. If there were, the spaces would be treated as part of the string.<br/>
**-offset** stands for the offset used in the computation by the a2a metric later on. This has been added in case the ScriptManager later on want's to insert columns before this metric, in which case it would compute the offset over the wrong columns. This is 0 if just ArchChangeTracker is used. And 1 if the complete ScriptManager is used.<br/>
**followed by a number** can be between -8 and 9.<br/>
mvn exec:java -pl ArchChangeTracker -Dexec.args="-if '/home/muffin/Documents/Universiteit/master internship/tajo_arcan' -of '/home/muffin/Documents/Universiteit/master internship/csvfiles/1.csv' -name '[test1,test2,test3]' -offset 1"
<br/>
<br/>
**first argument**: Commits fed to the first bash script.<br/>
**second argument**: the results of the first  bash script.<br/>
**third argument**: the output file location that will be used by the program.<br/>
**fourth argument**: delimeter used by the first bash script to seperate commit info.<br/>
**fifth argument**: issue identifier token used by the first bash script to find the start of an issue.<br/>
**sixth argument**: start of a pull request number used by the first bash script.<br/>
**seventh argument**: output file generated by the second bash script.<br/>
To run just the PRNumberAndIssueIdFinder submodule: <br/>
mvn exec:java -pl PRNumberAndIssueIdFinder -Dexec.args="'/home/muffin/Documents/Universiteit/master internship/commits a2a/Commits.csv' '/home/muffin/Documents/Universiteit/master internship/bash script/titles' '/home/muffin/Documents/Universiteit/master internship/commit issue pr number/output.csv' '---+---+---' 'TAJO-' '#' '/home/muffin/Documents/Universiteit/master internship/bash script/gapCount'"
<br/>
<br/>
The commands combined of the ArchChangeTracker submodule together with the PRNumberAndIssueIdFinder submodule. (Just glued together)<br/>
To run just the SequentialRunner submodule (runs the ArchChangeTracker and PRNumberAndIssueIdFinder sequential): <br/>
mvn exec:java -pl SequentialRunner -Dexec.args="'-if' '/home/muffin/Documents/Universiteit/master internship/tajo_arcan/tajo_arcan' '-of' '/home/muffin/Documents/Universiteit/master internship/csvfiles/1.csv' '-name' '[test1,test2,test3]' '-offset' 1 '/home/muffin/Documents/Universiteit/master internship/commits a2a/Commits.csv' '/home/muffin/Documents/Universiteit/master internship/bash script/titles' '/home/muffin/Documents/Universiteit/master internship/commit issue pr number/output.csv' '---+---+---' 'TAJO-' '#' '/home/muffin/Documents/Universiteit/master internship/bash script/gapCount'"<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
I produced the Jar file by navigating in the SequentialRunner directory and running "mvm clean package".<br/>
This jar file can afterwards be executed with: <br/>
java -jar <name-of-jar>.jar "-if" "/home/muffin/Documents/Universiteit/master internship/zookeeper/zookeeper_arcan_master" "-of" "/home/muffin/Documents/Universiteit/master internship/zookeeper/analysis/zookeeper_analysis.csv" -name '[test1,test2,test3]' -offset 1 "/home/muffin/Documents/Universiteit/master internship/zookeeper/analysis/zookeeper_analysis.csv" "/home/muffin/Documents/Universiteit/master internship/bash script/titles" "/home/muffin/Documents/Universiteit/master internship/zookeeper/analysis/zookeeper_analysis_full.csv" "---+---+---" "ZOOKEEPER-" "#" "/home/muffin/Documents/Universiteit/master internship/bash script/gapCount" "/home/muffin/Documents/Universiteit/master internship/bash script/commitDates"
